chore(docs): docker instructions use `docker compose` instead of the deprecated `docker-compose` (#30030)
apache/superset: docs/docs/installation/docker-compose.mdx

<br /><br />

:::caution
Since `docker compose` is primarily designed to run a set of containers on **a single host**
and can't support requirements for **high availability**, we do not support nor recommend

> using our `docker- ompose` constructs to support production-type use-cases. For single host

Reviewer: You deleted the wrong character 😆

## Requirements

Note that this documentation assumes that you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com) and

> [git](https://git-scm.com/) installed. Note also that we used to use `docker-compose` but that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[git](https://git-scm.com/) installed. Superset has switched from using the deprecated `docker-compose` to `docker compose`.
```

> is on the path to deprecation so we now use `docker compose` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This suggestion goes with the one immediately above it, it should be a combined suggestion.  Kind of confusing rn.
